Adding ANSI Reserved Keyword error to Warehouse Errors Page (#4771)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/storage/warehouses/warehouse-errors.md

### EOF

This error is generally a network error when Redshift closes the connection. If the problem persists on multiple runs, [contact us](https://segment.com/help/contact/).

### ERROR: failed to create table: 002318 (42601): SQL compilation error: invalid column definition name "XXX" (ANSI reserved)

> This error indicates that a column that is attempting to sync has the same title as a reserved keyword in Snowflake. More information regarding Snowflake's reserved keywords can be found [here](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/reserved-keywords).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error indicates that a column that is attempting to sync has the same title as a reserved keyword in Snowflake. More information regarding Snowflake's reserved keywords can be found [in Snowflake's docs](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/reserved-keywords){:target="_blank”}.
```
